Changing info about email (#90)
rladies/rladiesguide: content/organization/tech/email/index.en.md

[General info about emails for R-Ladies chapters](/organization/tech/accounts/#e-mail).

> Since November 2022 R-Ladies has a Google Work Space.  E-mails accounts are handle using gmail infrastructure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since November 2022 R-Ladies migrated to Google Work Space, and e-mail accounts are now handled using gmail infrastructure. 
```

> All R-Ladies chapter use _@rladies.org_ domain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All R-Ladies chapters use the _@rladies.org_ domain. 
```

> If you need help to manage your email account there are this [general instructions on how to use a Gmail account](https://support.google.com/mail?sjid=12348347883239577326-SA#topic=3394212)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need help to manage your email account there are [official google instructions on how to use a Gmail account](https://support.google.com/mail?sjid=12348347883239577326-SA#topic=3394212)
```

### A new account

> After we created your chapter email account you will get an email like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we have created your chapter email account you will receive an email like this:
```

_Subjetc: You have a new Google account for R-Ladies_

> _Welcome to your new Google Account for R-Ladies

Author: ```suggestion
_Welcome to your new Google Account for R-Ladies_
```

> Hello,

Author: ```suggestion
_Hello,_
```

> You have a new Google Account with the R-Ladies organization.

Author: ```suggestion
_You have a new Google Account with the R-Ladies organization._
```

> Sign in to your Google Account to access the Google services your organization provides. 

Author: ```suggestion
_Sign in to your Google Account to access the Google services your organization provides._
```

> If your organization has Google Workspace, Google services may include business-grade versions of 

Author: ```suggestion
_If your organization has Google Workspace, Google services may include business-grade versions of_ 
```

> Google Drive, Gmail, and other Google services you can use to collaborate with your team.

Author: ```suggestion
_Google Drive, Gmail, and other Google services you can use to collaborate with your team._
```

> Your username: chaptername@rladies.org

Author: ```suggestion
_Your username: chaptername@rladies.org_
```

> Password: Click Sign in below to set your password and sign in. To keep your account secure, follow these password guidelines.

Author: ```suggestion
_Password: Click Sign in below to set your password and sign in. To keep your account secure, follow these password guidelines._
```

> Sign in

Author: ```suggestion
_Sign in_ 
```

> <button with the link to login for the first time>

Author: ```suggestion
_<button with the link to login for the first time>_
```

> _<button with the link to login for the first time>_

Author: ```suggestion
_[button with the link to login for the first time]_
```

> For your security, the reset password link expires after 48 hours. After that, please contact your administrator for your password.

Author: ```suggestion
_For your security, the reset password link expires after 48 hours. After that, please contact your administrator for your password._
```

> Regards,

Author: ```suggestion
_Regards,_
```

> The Google Workspace Team_

Author: ```suggestion
_The Google Workspace Team_
```

When you click on the button for login, you will get a message agreeing on the Term of use of the

> new R-Ladies account.  After you agree you will login and will need to change your temporary password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new R-Ladies account.  After you agree you will be able to login and you will need to change your temporary password.
```

After that you [will login](#webmail) and [use the account](https://support.google.com/mail?sjid=12348347883239577326-SA#topic=3394212) as any other gmail email address. 

### Smartphone

Here are instructions for adding an email account to an [iPhone](https://support.google.com/mail/topic/2467017?hl=en&ref_topic=2451730&sjid=12348347883239577326-SA) and [Android](https://support.google.com/mail/topic/2451697?hl=en&ref_topic=2451730&sjid=12348347883239577326-SA).

### Webmail

1. On your computer, go to [Gmail](https://mail.google.com/).
2. Enter your Google Account email or phone number and password.

> 	2.1. If information is already filled in and you have to sign in to a different account, click _Use another account_.

Author: ```suggestion

	2.1. If information is already filled in and you have to sign in to a different account, click _Use another account_.
```

>     2.2. If you get a page that describes Gmail instead of the sign-in page, at the top right of the page, click [Sign in](https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=mail).

Author: ```suggestion

	2.2. If you get a page that describes Gmail instead of the sign-in page, at the top right of the page, click [Sign in](https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=mail).
```

> Tip: If you sign in to a public computer, make sure to sign out before you leave the computer. 

Author: ```suggestion
{{% notice tip %}}
Tip: If you sign in to a public computer, make sure to sign out before you leave the computer. 
{{% /notice %}}
```

_Regards,_

_The Google Workspace Team_

When you click on the button for login, you will get a message agreeing on the Term of use of the
new R-Ladies account.  After you agree you will be able to login and you will need to change your temporary password.

After that you [will login](#webmail) and [use the account](https://support.google.com/mail?sjid=12348347883239577326-SA#topic=3394212) as any other gmail email address. 

### Smartphone

Here are instructions for adding an email account to an [iPhone](https://support.google.com/mail/topic/2467017?hl=en&ref_topic=2451730&sjid=12348347883239577326-SA) and [Android](https://support.google.com/mail/topic/2451697?hl=en&ref_topic=2451730&sjid=12348347883239577326-SA).

### Webmail

1. On your computer, go to [Gmail](https://mail.google.com/).
2. Enter your Google Account email or phone number and password.

	2.1. If information is already filled in and you have to sign in to a different account, click _Use another account_.

	2.2. If you get a page that describes Gmail instead of the sign-in page, at the top right of the page, click [Sign in](https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=mail).

{{% notice tip %}}

> Tip: If you sign in to a public computer, make sure to sign out before you leave the computer. 

Author: ```suggestion
Tip: If you sign in to a public computer, make sure to sign out before you leave the computer. Learn [how to sign in on a device that's not yours](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/2917834).
```
